# Ming Tree Chinese & Thai Restaurant

[Call](tel:8659843888)

[Menu](/ming-tree-chinese-restaurant-2/menu)

[

2754 Alcoa Hwy

Alcoa, Tennessee 37701

](/ming-tree-chinese-restaurant-2/map)

[VIEW FULL WEBSITE](http://www.themingtree.com/)

[ Photos

![PhotoSPwWO](/photos/185324a196709ab573e34112a9be1a0958e34da1.jpg) ](/ming-
tree-chinese-restaurant-2/photos)

[Add Photo](/ming-tree-chinese-restaurant-2/photo_upload)

## Main Menu More +

### ▶&nbsp_place_holder;Main Menu

* * *

### ▶&nbsp_place_holder;Lunch Menu

### Appetizers -

Egg Roll savory bits of beef and pork sauteed with chinese vegetables in a
crispy golden wrapper.

    

$1.35

Barbecue Spare Ribs (4) slow roasted, marinated in our chef's special
bar-b-que sauce.

    

$5.50

Cho Cho (4) teriyaki flank steak on a stick.

    

$5.50

Fried Wonton (6) marinated ground pork delicately seasoned and wrapped in a
crispy golden brown shell.

    

$2.75

Volcano Plate a combination appetizers that include spring rolls, cho chos,
shrimp toasts, crab ragoons, barbeque spareribs and fried chicken wings,
served on a flaming tray.

    

For 2 // $10.75

Pot Sticker (6) (fried / steamed) marinated ground pork in a thin paste
wrapper; it can be ordered either steamed or fried. served with chefs special
sauce.

    

$6.00

Crab Ragoon (6) crab meat cream cheese marinated in wine sauce in a crispy
golden brown shell.

    

$4.95

Shrimp Toast (4) shrimp stuffing on a toast. delicious!

    

$4.95

Jumbo Fried Shrimp (4) breaded butterfly shrimp deep fried to golden brown.

    

$4.95

Fried Cheese Sticks (6) breaded cheese deep fried to golden brown. served with
house sauce.

    

$4.95

Fried Chicken Wings (6) marinated chicken wing, lightly breaded then deep
fried to golden brown.

    

$3.50

### Soups +

Egg Drop Soup rich chicken broth with golden fluffed egg petals.

    

Small // $1.60

Large // $3.95

Hot Sour Soup* shredded pork, bamboo shoots, mushrooms and bean curd seasoned
in a spicy chicken broth.

    

Small // $1.80

Large // $4.35

Wonton Soup meat dumplings of chopped pork wrapped in a noodle and seasoned in
a chicken broth.

    

Small // $1.60

Large // $3.95

Vegetables Bean Curd Soup mixed vegetables and bean curd seasoned in a rich
chicken broth.

    

For 2 // $5.50

Chicken And Corn Soup chicken and corn seasoned in a rich chicken broth.

    

For 2 // $5.50

Dragon And Phoenix Soup chicken, shrimp and crabmeat blended with snowpeas and
chinese mushroom in chicken broth.

    

For 2 // $6.75

Chinese Noodles choice of meat with select vegetables stir-fried in a dark
sauce, served atop noodles in a rich chicken broth. this could be a meat in
itself!

    

Vegetables // $8.50

Beef / Chicken / Roast Pork // $9.55

Ming Tree / Shrimp // $10.05

Seafood (sea Scallops, Shrim, King Crab Meat) // $15.95

### House Specialties +

General Chow‘s Chicken (white Or Dark Meat)* this memorable dish was
originally created for general tso during the ching dynasty. tender chicken
chunks coated in a light batter and sauteed in our chef's. special hot and
spicy sauce - highly recommended!

    

$11.30

Sesame Chicken (white Or Dark Meat) chunks of tender chicken coated in a light
batter and cooked in chef’s special sauce with a touch of sesame seeds.

    

$11.30

Orange Beef* beef is transformed into something spectacular when it's sauteed
in our special hot and spicy orange sauce.

    

$13.70

Twice Delight slices of boneless chicken perfectly blended with shrimps and
select vegetables in a mix of colors on a sizzling plate.

    

$13.30

Crispy Scallops* sea scallops lightly batter-fried and toss cooked in a spicy
red sauce garnished with is steamed broccoli.

    

$14.95

Happy Couple rib eye steak chunks and sliced chicken stir-tried together with
broccoli, baby corn, straw mushrooms and other vegetables in our chef's
special sauce.

    

$15.75

Hawaii-five-o jumbo shrimp, crab meat, sea scallops, beef and chicken blended
with select vegetables in a special dark sauce.

    

$17.95

Sizzling Beef And Scallops tender slices of beef stir-fried with sea scallops
and toss cooked with broccoli, water chestnuts, snow peas and other
vegetables. served on a sizzling plate.

    

$13.95

Imperial Delight* marinated sliced prime beef, jumbo shrimps, chicken, sauteed
with onions, celeries, mushrooms and other vegetables in hot sai-chai sauce.

    

$11.95

Sesame Beef prime beef coated in a light batter and blended with special
ingredients and garnished with sesame seeds.

    

$13.65

Crispy Shrimp With Walnuts* jumbo shrimps lightly batter-fried and toss cooked
in a spicy red sauce then covered with a delicious walnut topping and garnish
with steamed broccoli.

    

$14.95

Triple Seafood In A Bird‘s Nest sea scallops, jumbo shrimps and crabmeat
sauteed with baby corns, straw mushrooms carrot and broccoli. served in a
bird‘s nest.

    

$15.95

Seafood War Bar lobster, crab meat, sea scallops and shrimps blended with
broccoli, snow peas and various other vegetables in a creamy white sauce.
served on a sizzling plate.

    

$23.95

Whole Lobster Tail In Wine Sauce shelled lobster toss cooked with minced
mushrooms, bamboo shoots and water chestnuts in a thick red sauce.

    

$26.95

Lobster Mandarin Style chunks of shelled lobster meat in a creamy sauce with
straw mushrooms, snow peas and carrots.

    

$26.95

Lobster Cantonese shelled lobster toss cooked with ground pork, green onions,
and whipped eggs in a dark sauce.

    

$26.95

### Steak +

Steak With Vegetables 10 oz. rib eye steak cooked to perfection served with
our chef’s special sauce, mixed vegetables are sauteed in a brown sauce and
served on the side.

    

$13.75

House Special 10 oz.rib eye steak cooked to perfection. sliced in strips, and
served on a sizzling plate. lt's served with traditional black pepper sauce
with mushrooms and onions.

    

$13.75

Steak Kew chunks of steak stir-fried with broccoli, water chestnuts, mushrooms
snow peas and carrots in our chefs special sauce in a wok.

    

$13.75

Steak Hong Kong Style 10 oz. rib eye steak. toss-cooked onions and mushrooms,
on the side. a delight for steak lovers!

    

$13.75

### Chow Mein +

Pork

    

$7.65

Chicken

    

$7.65

Vegetables

    

$7.65

Beef

    

$8.55

Shrimp

    

$8.55

Ming Tree

    

$8.55

### Lo Mein +

Pork

    

$8.25

Chicken

    

$8.25

Vegetables

    

$8.25

Beef

    

$9.25

Shrimp

    

$9.25

Ming Tree

    

$9.25

Plain

    

$6.95

### Fried Rice +

Vegetables

    

$7.15

Pork

    

$7.15

Chicken

    

$7.15

Beef

    

$7.95

Shrimp

    

$7.95

Ming Tree

    

$7.95

Plain

    

$2.00

### Egg Foo Young +

Vegetables

    

$8.15

Pork

    

$8.15

Chicken

    

$8.15

Beef

    

$8.95

Shrimp

    

$8.95

Ming Tree

    

$8.95

### Ducks +

Crispy Duck half marinated duckling expertly steamed and deep fried.

    

$12.95

Deep-fried Duck With Veg half deep-fried duck sauteed with broccoli,
mushrooms, snow peas, water chestnuts and other select vegetables in brown
sauce.

    

$12.95

Duck With Pineapple half deep-tried duck cooked with pineapples, carrots,
onions and red peppers in a tangy red sauce.

    

$12.95

Roast Duck With Lychee halt duck cooked with lychee and fresh snow peas and
carrots in a light sauce - slightly sweet!

    

$12.95

### Menu For The Health Conscious +

Mixed Vegetables Delight

    

$7.95

Shrimp Chicken Veg Delight

    

$11.75

Shrimp And Vegetables Delight

    

$11.75

Chicken And Vegetables Delight vegetables include: steamed fresh broccoli,
snow peas, mushrooms, carrots, water chestnuts, zukini and bamboo shoots.

    

$9.25

### Seafood +

Shrimp In Ginger Sauce* shrimp deep-fried with batter and toss cooked with
water chestnuts carrots and green onion in our ginger sauce.

    

$10.25

Sweet And Sour Shrimp gulf shrimp deep-fried with batter and sewed with diced
green peppers, tomatoes and pineapple in our special sweet and sour sauce.

    

$10.25

Beef, Shrimp, Chicken With Vegetable three meat stir-fried with broccoli,
bamboo shoots and carrots in our house brown sauce.

    

$11.65

House Shrimp* shrimp stir-fried with broccoli, snow peas and various other
vegetables in a spicy sauce.

    

$11.65

Phoenix And Dragon shrimps and chicken stir-fried with broccoli, snow peas and
carrots in a light sauce.

    

$11.65

Shrimp With Snow Peas shrimp toss cooked with snow peas, carrots and water
chestnuts in a light sauce.

    

$11.65

Sweet And Sour Delight a combination of shrimp, pork and chicken battered and
then deep-fried and served with diced green peppers, tomatoes and pineapples
in our special sweet and sour sauce.

    

$10.65

Wine Marinated Shrimp* shrimp stir-fried with minced mushrooms, water
chestnuts and bamboo shoots in a sweet red sauce. slightly spicy.

    

$13.25

Happy Family shrimp, chicken, roast pork and beef blended with select
vegetables in a thick dark sauce. served on a sizzling plate.

    

$13.75

Curry Shrimp* jumbo shrimp blended with onions, carrots, water chestnuts and
bamboo shoots in our own spicy curry sauce.

    

$11.65

Mu Shu Shrimp shrimps stir-fried with eggs, cabbages, bean sprouts, bamboo
shoots and mushrooms. for your dining pleasure, pancakes will be wrapped over
as rolls by yourself.

    

4 Pancakes // $10.65

Extra Pancake, Each // $0.50

Shrimp With Lobster Sauce select gulf shrimps blended with bamboo shoots,
mushrooms, water chestnuts and carrots in our delicate light lobster sauce.

    

$11.65

Shrimp In Szechuan Sauce* jumbo shrimp stir-fried with minced garlic and
julienne slices of green peppers, mushrooms, water chestnuts, zukini and
bamboo shoots in a spicy sauce.

    

$11.65

Shrimp In Garlic Sauce jumbo shrimps stir-fried in a light garlic sauce with
broccoli, snow peas carrots.

    

$11.65

Stir-fried Shrimp And Scallop shrimps, scallops, broccoli, snow peas and
carrots stir-fried with fresh garlic in a light sauce.

    

$14.15

Scallop Shrimp In Wine Sauce* sea scallops and shrimp toss cooked with minced
mushrooms, water chestnuts and bamboo shoots in a slightly sweet and spicy
sauce.

    

$14.15

Scallop In Szechuan Sauce* sea scallop stir-fried with julienne slices of
bamboo shoots and green peppers in a spicy sauce. a typical szechuan dish.

    

$14.15

Scallop And Shrimp In Szechuan Sauce* sea scallop and shrimp stir-fried with
julienne slices of bamboo shoots and green peppers in a spicy sauce.

    

$14.15

### Beef +

Beef With Broccoli specially seasoned beet stir-tried with flowereettes of
broccoli, carrots and bamboo shoots in a dark sauce.

    

$9.45

Beef With Green Pepper tender strips of beef stir-fried with fresh green
peppers and onions.

    

$9.45

House Beef* lean slices of beef stir-tried and toss cooked with broccoli, snow
peas, baby corns, mushrooms, and other vegetables in a spicy brown sauce. this
is a gourmet’s treat!

    

$9.45

Beef With Mushrooms prime beef toss cooked with choice chinese mushrooms,
bamboo shoots and snow peas in a brown sauce.

    

$9.45

Kung Pao Beef* sliced beef stir-fried and then toss cooked with peanuts,
bamboo shoots, zukini and dry hot peppers.

    

$9.45

Mongolian Beef sliced prime beef stir-fried with fresh green onions (upon
request) and jumbo onions and served over crispy chinese rice noodles.

    

$9.45

Curry Beef* choice beef cooked with onions, bamboo shoots, water chestnuts,
carrots in our own spicy curry sauce.

    

$9.45

Mu Shu Beef shredded beet stir-fried with eggs, cabbages, beans sprouts,
bamboo shoots and mushrooms. for your dining pleasure, pancakes will be
wrapped over as rolls by your self.

    

4 Pancakes // $9.45

Extra Pancake (each) // $0.50

Beef With Snow Peas beef tenderloin toss cooked with crispy snow peas, carrots
and water chestnuts in our house brown sauce.

    

$9.45

Kan Shaw Beef* julienne strips of beef, green pepper, carrots and celeries in
a spicy sauce.

    

$9.45

### Pork +

Sweet And Sour Pork cubed pork tenderloin deep-fried with batter and sewed
with diced green peppers, tomatoes, and pineapples in our special sweet and
sour sauce.

    

$8.75

Mu Shu Pork shredded pork stir fried with mushrooms, beans sprouts, bamboo
shoots and cabbage. for your dining pleasure, pancakes will be wrapped over as
rolls by yourself.

    

4 Pancakes // $9.25

Extra Pancake (each) // $0.50

House Pork* slice pork stir-fried with broccoli, snow peas and other select
vegetables in a special hot and spicy sauce.

    

$9.25

Ma Po To-fu* bean curd steam cooked with ground pork and green onions, then
stir-fried in our spicy szechuan sauce.

    

$9.25

Pork In Szechuan Sauce* shredded pork stir-fried with julienne slices of green
peppers, bamboo shoots, zukini, mushrooms, water chestnuts, carrots, in a
spicy sauce. a genuine szechuan dish.

    

$9.25

Twice Cooked Pork* slice pork cooked with cabbages, bamboo shoots, green
peppers and chinese mushrooms in a spicy sauce. delicious!

    

$9.25

### Vegetables +

Broccoli In Szechuan* broccoli sauteed with other select vegetables in our
spicy szechuan sauce.

    

$7.95

Chinese Cabbage With Chinese Mushrooms chinese cabbages, carrots and chinese
mushrooms stir-fried in a light sauce.

    

$7.95

Mixed Chinese Vegetables a mixture of vegetables including broccoli, bamboo
shoots, baby corns, cabbages, mushrooms and snow peas, carrots and water
chestnuts in our house white sauce.

    

$7.95

Eggplant In Szechuan Sauce* egg plant stir-fried with bamboo shoots, zukini,
green peppers, mushrooms and other vegetables in szechuan sauce.

    

$9.25

Vegetarian Special broccoli, chinese mushrooms, carrots and baby corns toss-
cooked in a light sauce.

    

$7.95

Snow Peas And Broccoli snow peas, broccoli and bamboo shoots toss cooked in a
light sauce.

    

$7.95

Bean Curd Homes Style bean curd lightly fried then toss cooked with snow peas,
broccoli, baby corns and other select vegetables in our house brown sauce.

    

$9.25

Eight Treasure Tofu bean curd lightly-tried then toss cooked with mixed nuts
and mushrooms, carrots, water chestnuts, bamboo shoots, green peppers in
hoisin sauce.

    

$3.95

### Poultry +

Sweet And Sour Chicken breaded white chicken meat deep-fried and served with
diced tomatoes, green peppers and pineapples in our special sweet and sour
sauce.

    

$8.75

Curry Chicken* chicken blended with onions, carrots, water chestnuts, bamboo
shoots, green peas and red pepper in our own spicy curry sauce.

    

$9.25

Chicken With Mushrooms sliced chicken sauteed with snow peas, bamboo shoots,
carrots and flavorful chinese mushrooms in a light sauce.

    

$9.25

Kung Pao Chicken* diced chicken toss cooked in a rich brown sauce red peppers,
bamboo shoots, green onions and peanuts.

    

$9.25

House Chicken* sliced chicken sauteed with broccoli, snow peas, baby corns.
bamboo shoots, water chestnuts, mushrooms and others vegetables in a special
spicy sauce.

    

$9.25

Chicken With Broccoli specially seasoned chicken stir-fried with flowerettes
of broccoli, carrots and bamboo shoots in a light sauce.

    

$9.25

Chicken In Szechuan Sauce* sliced chicken stir-fried with julienne slices of
green pepper, zukini, water chestnuts, bamboo shoots and mushrooms in a spicy
sauce.

    

$9.25

Hot Plate Chicken* chicken wings breaded, deep-fried and topped with a
slightly sweet and spicy sauce. highly recommended!

    

$9.25

Mu Shu Chicken slice chicken stir-fried with egg, cabbage, bamboo shoots and
mushrooms, for your dining pleasure, pancake will be wrapped over as rolls by
yourself.

    

4 Pancakes // $9.25

Extra Pancake, Each // $0.50

Lemon Or Orange Chicken special boneless fried chicken topped with our own
light and tangy lemon or orange sauce.

    

$9.95

Chicken With Almonds sliced white meat of chicken cooked with bamboo shoots,
mushrooms, carrots, green peas, water chestnuts and garnished with almonds.

    

$9.25

Chicken With Cashews tender succulent chicken chunks cooked with cashew nuts
and zukini, bamboo shoots, and mushrooms in our house brown sauce.

    

$9.25

Moo Goo Gai Pan sliced chicken stir-fried with mushrooms, snow peas, bamboo
shoots, carrots and water chestnuts in a light sauce.

    

$9.25

Eight Treasure Chicken diced chicken cooked with peanuts, cashews, almonds and
select vegetables in our house brown sauce. a delight even to look at!

    

$9.25

Boneless Chicken boneless withe chicken meat breaded deep fried to a golden
brown, and served on a bed of mixed vegetables in a white sauce.

    

$9.25

Chicken In Garlic Sauce tender chicken with fresh snow peas, broccoli and
carrots in our homemade garlic sauce.

    

$9.25

Chicken In Hot Pepper Sauce* sliced chicken stir-fried with mushrooms, bamboo
shoots, green peppers and other vegetables in a spicy sauce.

    

$9.25

New Tze Chicken* lightly breaded chicken chunks toss cooked with broccoli,
mushrooms, strew mushrooms, carrots and baby corns in a spicy red sauce.

    

$10.55

Chicken With Snow Peas chicken toss-cooked with snow peas, carrots and water
chestnuts in a light sauce.

    

$9.25

Imperial Chicken* marinated slice chicken sauteed with onion, celeries,
mushrooms, snow peas, carrots and baby corns in hot sai-chai sauce.

    

$9.25

### Family Dinner - Appetizers +

Egg Roll

    

Fried Wonton

    

Chicken Wing

    

### Family Dinner - Soup +

Egg Drop

    

Wonton

    

Hot And Sour

    

### Family Dinner - Entree +

Beef With Broccoli

    

Moo Goo Gai Pan

    

Chicken Almond

    

Eight Treasure Chicken

    

Mongolian Beef

    

Chicken With Broccoli

    

Beef With Green Pepper

    

Sweet And Sour Chicken

    

House Beef*

    

Chicken With Cashews

    

Sweet And Sour Pork

    

Sweet And Sour Delight

    

House Pork*

    

House Chicken*

    

Twice Cooked Pork*

    

Shrimp In Lobster Sauce

    

Dragon And Phoenix

    

Shrimp In Ginger Sauce*

    

Mongolian Chicken

    

Sweet And Sour Shrimp

    

### Family Dinner - Beverages +

Hot Tea

    

Ice Tea

    

Soda

    

### Children‘s +

Cho Cho Platter

    

$5.25

Jumbo Shrimp Platter

    

$5.25

Cheese Stick Platter

    

$5.25

Sweet And Sour Platter

    

$5.25

Chicken Finger Platter

    

$5.25

Fried Or Steam Rice / French Fries

    

$2.00

Kids Lo Mein white meat chicken. served by itself

    

$5.50

### Beverages +

Chinese Hot Tea

    

$1.65

Iced Tea

    

$1.65

Colombian Coffee

    

$1.65

Coke

    

$1.65

Diet Coke

    

$1.65

Sprite

    

$1.65

Dr. Pepper

    

$1.65

Wine Cooler wild berries, strawberry daiquiri.

    

$3.00

### Beverages - Imported Beer +

Tsingtao

    

$3.50

Kirin

    

$3.50

Heineken

    

$3.50

Corona

    

$3.50

Asahi

    

$3.50

### Beverages - Domestic Beer +

Bud

    

$3.00

Bud Light

    

$3.00

Miller Lite

    

$3.00

Michelob Light

    

$3.00

Coors Light

    

$3.00

### Thai Cuisine Menu +

### Appetizers +

Crispy Fried to-fu deep fried into golden brown and crispy. served with
special peanut sauce.

    

$5.25

Spring Roll (1) vegetables or meat with chicken and pork with cabbage, carrots
rolled in a crispy roll wrapper.

    

$1.75

Satay know as “the kebobs of southeast asia" served with our own exotic spicy
peanut sauce and fresh cucumbers and onions. choice of chicken or beef,
traditional thai cuisine.

    

4 Skewers // $6.00

### Soup +

Hot Sour Shrimp Soup (tom Yum Goong)* shrimps, mushrooms, lemon grass and lime
juice season in a spicy chicken broth. this is the most popular soup in
thailand.

    

$4.35

Hot Sour Seafood Soup* shrimps, scallops, crab meat and calamaries with
mushrooms, lemon glass and lime juice season in a spicy chicken broth.

    

For 2 // $15.95

Hot And Sour Chicken Soup* slice chicken, mushrooms, lemon grass and lime
juice seasoned in a spicy chicken broth.

    

$3.45

Chicken In Coconut Soup* slice chicken in a spicy chicken broth with coconut
milk.

    

$3.45

Thai Hot Noodles Soup* these are large serving. it could be shared or eaten as
a meal by itself. topped with bean sprouts, and onions with your choice of
meat.

    

Beef // $10.55

Shrimp // $10.55

Chicken // $9.55

### Main +

Pad Thai* thai rice noodles topped with ground peanuts, bean sprouts and hot
chilies with your choice of meat.

    

Shrimp / Beef // $10.55

Chicken // $9.55

Vegetables // $9.55

Tofu // $9.55

Thai Fried Rice* tender long grained rice stir-fried with thai chili,
tomatoes, pineapples, bean sprouts and cashew nuts in a touch of hot tomato
sauce.

    

Shrimp // $9.95

Beef // $9.95

Chicken // $8.95

Pork // $8.95

Vegetables // $8.95

### Main Dishes +

Thai Stir-fried Rice* jumbo shrimp stir-fried with celery, cilantro, and
shallot with coriander paste and thai chilies.

    

$12.15

Scallop With Pineapple* sea scallops stir-fried with lemon grass red curry
paste, pineapples coconut milk and fresh sweet basil leaves.

    

$14.15

Shrimp With Red Chili* stir-tried jumbo shrimps with baby corn, red pepper,
straw mushrooms, and onion in chili paste and fresh sweet basil leaves.

    

$12.15

Scallop With Fresh Basil* sea scallops stir fried with mushrooms. bamboo
shoots, chili peppers, lime leaves, and basil leave.

    

$14.15

Masaman Curry* beef chunks sauteed in traditional thai curry with potatoes,
peanuts, green peas, bamboo shoots, onions, peppers and pineapples in coconut
milk.

    

$12.15

Red Curry* the original thai curry seasoned with lemon grass, shallots, garlic
and coconut milk with potatoes,onions, peas and bamboo shoots.

    

Shrimp // $12.15

Beef // $12.15

Chicken // $10.55

Vegetable / To-fu // $9.75

Stir-fried Calamari With Chili* calamari stir-fried with chili paste and baby
corns, mushrooms, onions, red pepper and bamboo shoots. seasoned with fragrant
lime and sweet basil leaves.

    

$11.75

Evil Jungle Prince With Chicken* slice chicken stir-fried with chili peppers,
lemon grass, basil leaves and coconut milk. seasoned with fragrant lime.

    

$10.55

Thai Shrimp With Garlic jumbo shrimps stir-fried with garlic and mushrooms in
coconuts milk.

    

$12.15

Evil Jungle Prince With Veg* broccoli, snow peas, carrots, mushrooms and other
vegetables stir-fried with chili peppers, lemon grass, basil leaves and
coconut milk. seasoned with fragrant lime.

    

$9.75

Egg Plant With To-fu egg plant and to-fu stir-fried with fresh sweet basil
leaves in yellow bean sauce.

    

$9.75

Vegetables With Sweet Basil* mix vegetables stir-fried with chili peppers and
fresh sweet basil, and lime leaves.

    

$9.75

Roast Duck With Chili* half roast duck pieces stir-fried with cilantro, red
chili peppers. garlic and shallots. spicy and delicious!

    

$12.95

### Luncheon - Combination Plates -

Pork Chow Mein

    

$5.99

Chicken Chow Mein

    

$5.99

Eight Treasure Chicken

    

$5.99

Chicken With Almond

    

$5.99

Moo Goo Gal Pan

    

$5.99

Sweet And Sour Chicken

    

$5.99

Sweet And Sour Pork

    

$5.99

Chicken With Green Peppers

    

$5.99

Chicken With Broccoli

    

$5.99

Beef Chow Mein

    

$6.25

Shrimp Chow Mein

    

$6.25

Shrimp In Ginger Sauce*

    

$6.25

Sweet And Sour Shrimp

    

$6.25

Beef With Broccoli

    

$6.25

Beef With Green Peppers

    

$6.25

### Luncheon - Special Lunch Plates +

Mixed Chinese Vegetables

    

$6.25

Broccoli In Szechuan Sauce*

    

$6.25

Chicken With Cashew Nuts

    

$6.45

Chicken In Szechuan Sauce*

    

$6.45

House Chicken*

    

$6.45

Boneless Chicken

    

$6.45

Twice Cooked Pork*

    

$6.45

Pork In Szechuan Sauce*

    

$6.45

Mongolian Chicken

    

$6.45

Chicken In Garlic Sauce

    

$6.45

Kuno Pao Chicken*

    

$6.45

Mongolian Beef

    

$6.75

House Beef*

    

$6.75

Beef In Szechuan Sauce*

    

$6.75

Sesame Chicken (white Or Dark Meat)

    

$6.75

General Chow's Chicken (white Or Dark Meat)*

    

$6.75

Kuno Pao Beef*

    

$6.75

Dragon And Phoenix

    

$7.25

Sweet And Sour Delight

    

$7.25

House Shrimp*

    

$7.25

Shrimp With Snow Peas

    

$7.25

Happy Family

    

$7.25

Beef, Shrimp, Chicken With Veg

    

$7.25

Shrimp In Lobster Sauce

    

$7.25

Shrimp In Garlic Sauce

    

$7.25

Shrimp In Szechuan Sauce*

    

$7.25

Szechuan Delight*

    

$7.25

Stir-fried Shrimp And Scallop

    

$8.95

### Luncheon - Fried Rice +

Vegetables

    

$5.99

Chicken

    

$5.99

Pork

    

$5.99

Beef

    

$6.25

Shrimp

    

$6.25

Ming Tree

    

$6.25

### Luncheon - Lo Mein +

Vegetables

    

$6.25

Chicken

    

$6.25

Pork

    

$6.25

Beef

    

$6.75

Shrimp

    

$6.75

Ming Tree

    

$6.75

Plain Lo Mein

    

$5.25

### Thai Lunch +

Vegetables With Sweet Basil* broccoli, carrots, mushrooms, snow peas, water
chestnuts, and bamboo shoots stir-fried with chili peppers and fresh sweet
basil and lime leafs.

    

$5.75

Sweet Basil* mixed vegetables stir-fried with chili peppers, fresh sweet
basil, and lime leafs.

    

Chicken // $5.75

Shrimp // $6.75

Shrimp And Scallops // $7.99

Tofu // $5.75

Evil Prince* choice of meat stir-fried with chili peppers, lemon grass, basil
leafs, and coconut milk.

    

Vegetables // $5.75

Chicken // $5.75

Shrimp // $6.75

Thai Red Chili Paste* choice of meat with baby corn, red pepper, straw
mushrooms, and onions in chili paste and fresh sweet basil leafs.

    

Vegetables // $5.75

Shrimp // $6.75

Chicken // $5.75

Beef // $6.25

Thai Stir-fried* choice of meat stir-fried with celery, cilantro, and shallot
with coriander paste and thai chilies.

    

Chicken // $5.75

Shrimp // $6.75

Masaman Curry* choice of meat sauteed in traditional thai curry with potatoes,
peanuts, green peas, bamboo shoots, onions, peppers, and pineapples in coconut
milk.

    

Chicken // $5.75

Shrimp // $6.75

Beef // $6.25

Red Curry the original thai curry seasoned with lemon grass, shallots, garlic,
and coconut milk with potatoes, onions, peas, and bamboo shoots.

    

Vegetables // $5.75

Chicken // $5.75

Beef // $6.25

Shrimp // $6.75

Shrimp And Scallops // $7.99

Plain Steamed Rice

    

Small (pint) // $2.00

Large (quart) // $4.00

[View Full Menu](/ming-tree-chinese-restaurant-2/menu)

[

General Info Business description, payment types, hours. ](/ming-tree-chinese-
restaurant-2/details)

Share This

![](/static/images/mobile/close_icon.png)

Sorry! This offer has expired. To get notified of future offers for this
location please enter you email address below.

Thank you! We'll contact you when this deal next becomes available.

[ ![]() ](http://info.singleplatform.com/menu)
